Privacy clause
Special statement: the operation and development of the app has nothing to do with the Apple Inc, and the Apple Inc has no legal responsibility and obligation to the app 

User responsibility and prohibition 

1.The company provides the game platform to give user game exchange space, users to themselves The game account is responsible for all the words and deeds occurring in the game, and any violation of this liability clause, The act of the state related laws or other unjustified acts is strictly prohibited. The company does not bear any responsibility for such conduct and holds evidence for the misconduct of the user. Power to the corresponding national administration and to deal with it

2. Any user does not have the right to use anything that may affect the game program to run stable or game The development of other external software or means to play games.

3.The company has all the management and operation rights of the game on which the website belongs. 

4.Users are strictly prohibited from using game accounts to publish pornography, racism, and extreme politics in the game The information of the treatment tendency, the influence of national unity, the danger of state security, or the obvious personal attack.

5. The following acts will be punished, including, but not limited to, all players. The account name and Short Message: containing political, defamatory, intolerable to the ear, The contents of sex discrimination, racial discrimination, and propaganda of evil cults; any disregard of other people's beliefs, Statement and yellow content of race, nationality, sex, age; publication of any minor to minors Harmful, or violating the contents of local and international regulations, including a yellow, illegal map. Pieces or links; a violation of the general terms and conditions of the game and the additional rules for other players. Extortion, if there is such a case, will be deleted from the game account. 

6.The prohibition of all forms of illegal activities, including gambling, etc., all consequences include the law The responsibility, etc., is taken by the user and has nothing to do with the company.

User information collection, use and protection 

1.You agree and authorize the company to collect your user information for the purpose of performing the agreement. Some information including the game data under your account (user nickname, game etc.)）

2.The management team of the company has the right to apply the stored user account data to the management of the account number And supervise the users to comply with the various responsibilities and regulations of the company.  

3.The company has the right to manage and retain the user's account data.